# About Justin Shatwell
What most sets me apart as a programmer is that I only began coding after 15 years in the workforce. I've been a writer, editor, and a producer. I've worked on the non-technical side of a software company and served as a liaison between senior management and the coding team. I returned to school to get my computer science degree because I wanted a better understanding of the software industry as a whole. One of my defining characteristics is that I like knowing how something works.
	My unique background makes me especially well suited for a DevOps position. I have strong written and verbal communication skills and a knack for disarming conflict. I'm very good at breaking down complex topics and explaining them to different audiences. I can speak confidently to both business executives and tech leads. I know enough about both worlds to help bring them together.
	As a coder, I'm very strong at algorithm creation. I'm most at home programming the back end of software and setting up databases. I'm comfortable coding in several languages, including Java and C++. I'm also very quick at picking up new languages and frameworks. I also genuinely enjoy debugging code. My background as an editor has given me a sharp eye for tracking down misspelled function calls and wayward semicolons.
	I have a deep interest in educational software. I have helped develop multimedia museum exhibits in the past and would love to do so again. I would also be very happy working for a small company or non-profit that is committed to spreading knowledge. 
	My experience is that smaller institutions often lack technical expertise. They also rarely have the funds to bring in consultants. My goal is to change this. I'm especially interested in finding creative, cost-effective solutions that will help smaller organizations punch above their weight. 
